Oh guys she bought weeks of redemption
and I'm back and I'm gonna go ahead talk
about something I've seen on the TV last
night you know a lot if you don't watch
the TV anymore but some reason I get
drugged into it every now and then and
as a show I really wanted to watch it
that shows called my 600-pound life and
this show was actually really really sad
I don't know who anybody seen it but
let's talk about the first episode which
happened the other night and this guy
was like 675 pounds
he had trouble walking he had to use one
of those little scooters and the first
thing I thought of myself and I seen
this was like why are you using that
scooter I understand that she can't walk
he can't get around but the fact is that
would motivate me if I couldn't make it
to my own mailbox he lives like one of
these like suburban neighborhoods where
your mailbox is literally like what 75
feet outside your door I mean I got like
half an acre who want to get in my
mailbox and I can do it and you know not
be winded but you know 75 feet and
you're winded you know that's I'm you
got to get determined at some point you
know I'm saying this and looking at for
critics I fell off the diet bandwagon
more times and you know you know people
fall off the turnip truck but with all
that being said it's like if I can't
make it to the mailboxes I can't walk
I've never had that problem fed problem
my back hurt but I can keep walking I've
had problems with my legs falling asleep
but I can keep walking but you know just
to be at the part where boom I can't do
it no I would lay down on the girl I
would lay down on the dirt so I could
pick my 600 pound ass back up and make
it that motherfucking mailbox and man
why walk too why walk to a death machine
because once you once you sit once you
situation yourself into one of those
like the little electric chairs all
you're doing is condemning yourself to
die that's what I look at it like that
the reason you're doing that because if
you gain 64 675 pounds you're in taking
like 10,000 calories a day there's some
astronomical number and
you sitting down in the chair is not
gonna help it at all I mean I understand
like you singing I said Peter sitting on
a chair for work but a sitting sit down
in a chair to move or to live in a chair
from Thalia on its 600 pounds you're
going nothing but up you're going to
continue eat 10,000 calories and now
you're now you're gonna walk to the
kitchen to get them which means you're
not even burning calories when you're
675 pounds walk into the kitchen that's
a full-on exercise I guarantee you it is
because you got a moose 675 pounds bulky
probably Birds five times the normal
calories that would for for a regular
sized person what do you think about
this stuff shalid yeah I have to tend to
agree though like I would not be able I
it would motivate me personally more
like I probably be depressed for like a
week but then I'd be like no I can't do
this to myself I'm gonna die my kids are
never gonna see me again no I would have
to get my ass up and figure out how to
lose weight how to move how to how to
exercise what I need to do to get my
weight down as much as I possibly could
I wouldn't be able to sit there and sit
in that chair and roll myself out to the
mailbox and that chair didn't even hold
him it really didn't he he literally had
to scoot with his feet too to help that
chair move him because the chair
physically just couldn't move him that
well so I don't I couldn't live like
that either I would have to absolutely
have to figure out a way it would
motivate me to figure out a way to lose
as much as I possibly could because and
that isn't even the saddest part of the
whole story the saddest part is once he
had his surgery he had lost like 325
pounds it end this period of losing this
weight his body gets his crippling
disease where he loses like everything
the it basically comes to quiet what was
it called a quadruped ed whatever he
loses everything below his neck like he
goes into a coma the whole nine like and
then he gets down to the fact where
he gets out to call me he gets down to
his factories like a healthy man's eyes
like 200 pounds and he can't walk that
would depress me so bad like like why
the fuck would would this happen to me I
mean like all the stuff I went through
and done and now I can't even walk and
then yeah the doctor said he could
recover but there's a lot of things
doctors say ders I mean you can't trust
doctors they're human